gh-115315: Update time.rst to include microseconds field (%f) in chart (#115316)
python/cpython: Doc/library/time.rst

   | ``%S``    | Second as a decimal number [00,61].            | \(2)  |
   |           |                                                |       |
   +-----------+------------------------------------------------+-------+

>    | ``%f`     | Microseconds as a decimal number               |       | 

Reviewer: Build and lint fixes:

```suggestion
   | ``%f``    | Microseconds as a decimal number               |       |
```

      timestamps representing `leap seconds`_ and value ``61`` is supported
      for historical reasons.

   (3) 

>        The %f format directive only applies to time.strptime, not to time.strftime. 
>        However, see also datetime.strptime and datetime.strftime.

Reviewer: Remove trailing whitespace, link to functions, wrap to 80 cols:

```suggestion
       The ``%f` format directive only applies to :func:`strptime`,
       not to :func:`strftime`.
       However, see also :meth:`datetime.strptime` and
       :meth:`datetime.strftime`.
```

      timestamps representing `leap seconds`_ and value ``61`` is supported
      for historical reasons.

>    (3) 
>        The ``%f` format directive only applies to :func:`strptime`,
>        not to :func:`strftime`.
>        However, see also :meth:`datetime.strptime` and
>        :meth:`datetime.strftime`.

Reviewer: Sorry, I missed a backtick, and we need the full ref for datetime:
```suggestion
   (3)
       The ``%f`` format directive only applies to :func:`strptime`,
       not to :func:`strftime`.
       However, see also :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and
       :meth:`datetime.datetime.strftime`.
```

      for historical reasons.

   (3)
       The ``%f`` format directive only applies to :func:`strptime`,
       not to :func:`strftime`.
       However, see also :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and

>        :meth:`datetime.datetime.strftime`.

Reviewer: This doesn't really tell us much. Why should we see those datetime methods?

By the way, please don't update the PR from `main` unless there's something important we need from there, or a conflict to resolve. It needlessly uses up extra CI time. Thanks!

Author: Ok, thanks for letting me know about the SOP (standard operating procedure) here about not updating the PR. Sorry about that. Other entities (some embedded Linux people) do want it updated.

How about:
However, see also :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and
       :meth:`datetime.datetime.strftime` where the %f format directive applies to both methods in order to handle microseconds.

Alternatively, the whole "However ... " clause could be deleted.

Reviewer: > Ok, thanks for letting me know about the SOP (standard operating procedure) here about not updating the PR. Sorry about that. Other entities (some embedded Linux people) do want it updated.

No problem! Yeah, projects vary a lot :)

> How about: However, see also :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and :meth:`datetime.datetime.strftime` where the %f format directive applies to both methods in order to handle microseconds.

Sounds good, how about:

```rst
However, see also :meth:`datetime.datetime.strptime` and
:meth:`datetime.datetime.strftime` where the ``%f`` format directive
:ref:`applies to microseconds <format-codes>`.
```

Author: Thanks!  Works for me. I'll make that change to my branch now.

Author: Sorry, didn't realize when I hit "resolve conversation" the CI checks would run again....

Reviewer: "Resolve" doesn't trigger the CI, pushing does -- and we want it to trigger for new pushes. Thanks!
